---
title: N@TM Reflection
toc: true
branch: master
layout: post
description: A reflection on N@TM and the projects of fellow students and classes
categories: [week23]
tags: [week23]
author: Tirth Thakkar
images: /images/N@TM.jpg
show_tags: true
comments: true
---
## Comp Sci 
- Trey Blalock - Made a character showcase for videogame with an email database and the ability to sign up for email promos after they have been sent to the database. With pictures of thier planned characters.

- Sarah, Vivian, Shreya, Giannnia - Car finding page, has a car filter page to filter by various parameters, specs page in a quiz format, wishlist to keep cars that are liked by the users. 

- Pgk lang /dontavious/team jamal - account creation page, with a personality guide, gives a personality updates database with that data. Garbage collection and the use of a javascript framework. 

- Qias, James, Krishiv, Caleb - rental house service, parameter to filter through saved houses, also showed geographical location of houses, can make a schedule of which houses they are viewing
 
- Justin, Vardaan, navan, sharuya - News based project, tells you what happened on that day and allows users to add data, sports data is also able to be accessed, education database with facts posted and could be updated, another news feature shows latest news. 

- Ellie,Haeryn,Kaylee,Theo - Dog adoption page personality matches to a specific dog and finds you a compatible dog, with the ability to add the dog to the cart, blog about personal, dog health diagnosis utility. 

## 3d animation
- Doughnuts lots of doughnuts, along with frustration on computers a reflection on modern day society. 

## Photo
- Images curated by students and pictures of lampposts, birds and a collection of the users custom interests.

## AP Studio Art
- A reflection on the emotion and focus on custom art styles and features. In both and 2 and 3d. Level of detail and effort in creation is different and otherworldly from stunning paintings, to digital masterpieces, dogs, travel, a reflection on the way of modern society. 

## Ceramics:
- Collections of pots and animals, along with creative submissions from wizards, whales, decorative vases and flower pots. Along with spoon sets whatever seems to have been of interest.

## Drawing & Painting 
- Petals, hand drawn sketches from snowmen to portraits a depiction of the artists emotions and ideas. From wildlife to stamps, posters, truly reflecting the ideas amd desires of students.
